Yojana takes a back seat
My Profile Logout
Log In
/
Sign Up
Home
Opinion
India
World
Business
Science
Technology
Health
Sport
Cricket Football Horse Racing
Entertainment
Culture
Books Food Travel Style Arts People Heritage
States
West Bengal North East Jharkhand
E- paper
About Us
Odisha
Yojana takes a back seat Many in Golrahaat gram panchayat know little about the Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana with not much of progress being made in the MP model village scheme.
By Manoj Kar
Published 14.09.16
&nbsp
Partially-built community toilets under Adarsh Gram Yojana at Golrahaat gram panchayat. Telegraph picture
Paradip, Sept. 13: Many in Golrahaat gram panchayat know little about the Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana with not much of progress being made in the MP model village scheme. "We do not even know that our village has been adopted for being developed as a model village. Projects are carried out every year from panchayat funds. However, I do not find anything special taking place at our village. Nothing tangible seems to have occurred in the name of the yojana," said Golrahaat villager Harish Mohanty. Kendrapara MP Baijayant Panda had adopted Golrahaat under the model village scheme. Another villager, Bipin Behari Sahu, said the area was already quite developed with a college, schools, banks and a police station besides a fire station. "The government hospital is also located in the neighbourhood. The village has good roads connected to the national highway. After our panchayat was covered under the yojana two years ago, our hopes had soared, but the progress of the scheme is not satisfying," said Sahu. Golrahaat sarpanch Trilochan Rout spoke in the same vein. "As many as 43 projects were lined up for implementation under the yojana. However, there has been inordinate delay in the release of funds. Government agencies have released funds partially only three months ago. The departments are also not evincing interest in the project. Had officials been sincere, work would have made considerable progress by now," said Rout.
Kendrapara MP  Baijayant Panda
Despite constraints, a concrete platform for paddy threshing worth Rs 8 lakh is now ready for the use of farmers. Besides, construction of a mini stadium has come been completed. The gram panchayat office also has Internet connectivity. However, 40 other projects have not made any significant progress. "Construction of community toilets, community hall, and an overhead water supply tank has begun. We are waiting for funds for work to start on other projects," said Rout. The comparatively developed gram panchayat, which boasts of a nationalised bank and a gramin bank branch, a government-aided college, a high school and eight primary schools, has a population of 5,100 people. The agrarian belt also enjoys adequate canal irrigation network and good road connectivity. A community health centre is about 1km away from the gram panchayat office, while a government-run ITI is located closed to it. Kendrapara collector Debraj Senapati said: "Delay in the release of funds has affected the yojana projects. However, we are expediting its progress. The block development officer has been asked to review the progress periodically." Derabish block development officer Krushna Chandra Sethy said: "Delay in project work was due to non-release of funds. Now, the projects are back on track as funds are being steadily released by the line departments concerned." However, many have questioned the selection of Golarhaat for MP's model village scheme. "The yojana intends to improve the standard of living and quality of life of the selected village and also develop infrastructure there. But Golarhaat is already a developed area. There are many areas in the district that are cut off from development. It would have been better had the MP adopted a really backward village under the scheme," said social activist Ganesh Chandra Samal. Panda could not be contacted despite repeated attempts.
Send us feedback
Trending
1. India could attack, says Pakistan; Delhi hears terror call
2. Hurriyat Conference chairman Mirwaiz Umer Farooq appears before NIA in terror funding case
3. After Sunday church service, YSR Congress candidate seeks vote
4. Why is the BJP so focused on Rajnath Singh while sidelining other senior leaders?
5. Political ad spend on Facebook crosses Rs 10 cr, BJP ads lead
More from Odisha
Fly over Bhubaneswar traffic mess from January
States
Former Maoist rebels get some hockey time in Bhubaneswar
States
Urban mobility shifts gear in Bhubaneswar
States
Bird flu: Govt orders culling of chicken in 4 villages in Puri district
States
The Telegraph About Us Contact Us Terms of use Privacy Policy
Links Home Opinion India World Business Science Technology Health Sport Entertainment Culture
Group Websites Fortune India Anandabazar Patrika Ebela
Copyright © 2017 The Telegraph. All rights reserved.
Follow us on